🔎 Phase 5 — Phantom Attribution System Autopsy (Quote Calculator App, Replit)

You must act as a world-class forensic auditor.
The mission is to locate, identify, and isolate the phantom attribution system that is generating fake success logs, while confirming if the real client/src/lib/attribution-tracker.ts file is being bundled into the production build.

⚠️ Do not delete or refactor any code.
⚠️ Do not disable production code yet.
⚠️ Report only — this is diagnostic.

Task Requirements
1. Phantom Log Source Hunt

Search the entire codebase and build outputs for these exact phantom log strings:

🚀 Attribution: Initializing attribution tracking...

📊 Attribution: Extracting attribution data...

✅ Attribution: Tracking initialized successfully

For each occurrence, report:

File name + line number.

Whether it lives in src/, public/, or a generated /dist bundle.

2. Build Inclusion Check

Confirm if client/src/lib/attribution-tracker.ts is actually imported in the live app bundle.

Report:

Import chain (which files include it).

If it’s excluded, show the bundler reason (tree-shaken, not imported, renamed).

3. Phantom Execution Path

Trace how the phantom system runs at startup:

Is it injected via index.html?

Imported in main.tsx?

Or a legacy script in /public or attached_assets/?

Show where phantom attribution overrides or bypasses the real system.

4. Controlled Disablement Plan (Report Only)

Propose how the phantom system could be temporarily disabled (e.g., comment out in index.html, remove from build entrypoint).

Do not execute — only describe exact lines/files to adjust.

Deliverables

Provide a structured forensic report with these sections:

Phantom Log Source Locations (files, lines, confirmation).

Real Attribution File Status (is attribution-tracker.ts bundled?).

Phantom Execution Path (how phantom runs at startup).

Disablement Plan (sandbox-only instructions).

Filtration Notes (prove that no state or DB connections were altered during analysis).

Goal

By the end of this step, we must know:

Exactly which file generates phantom attribution logs.

Whether attribution-tracker.ts is dead code (not bundled).

How phantom attribution hijacks execution.

How to disable phantom safely so the real system can run.

⚡ This is the surgical autopsy step. Once the phantom system is identified and isolated on paper, we can design the micro-steps to kill it and re-enable the real attribution flow.