🧙 Phase 4 — Exception Exposure Diagnostic (Build Mode, Replit)

You are acting as a world-class senior developer performing surgical diagnostics on the quote calculator app.
Your task is to expose the silent exception between lines 226–231 in client/src/lib/attribution-tracker.ts that halts attribution initialization.
⚠️ Do not modify or “clean up” any other parts of the codebase.
⚠️ Do not optimize, restructure, or remove legacy code.
⚠️ Do not touch any backend, schema, or unrelated frontend logic.

Target File

client/src/lib/attribution-tracker.ts

Step 1 — Strengthen Try/Catch Logging (Lines 283–287)

Current Code:

} catch (error) {
  console.error("❌ Attribution: Failed to initialize tracking:", error);
  // Return a session ID anyway so the app can continue functioning
  return generateSessionId();
}


Replace With (Diagnostic Only):

} catch (error) {
  console.error("🔥 ATTRIBUTION INIT ERROR:", error);
  console.error("🔥 ERROR STACK:", error?.stack);
  console.error("🔥 ERROR TYPE:", error?.constructor?.name);
  console.error("🔥 ERROR MESSAGE:", error?.message);

  // Re-throw so the browser console surfaces the error visibly
  throw error;
}

Step 2 — Insert Debug Markers After Line 226

Immediately after:

const sessionId = getOrCreateSessionId(config);


Add:

console.log("🔥 DEBUG: Session ID created successfully:", sessionId);
console.log("🔥 DEBUG: About to start parent communication...");

Step 3 — Guardrails

Do not change function signatures, imports, or utility code.

Do not move this code outside of its current function.

Do not attempt to “fix” attribution yet — diagnostic only.

This is a temporary logging enhancement to expose the silent killer.

Deliverable

When I click Run in Build mode, the console/browser logs must now show:

🔥 DEBUG: Session ID created successfully: log if execution reaches line 226.

The exact hidden error object (type, stack, message).

Phantom attribution logs (🚀 …) still appearing in parallel — proving the phantom system is independent.

Success Criteria

The silent exception between lines 226–231 is exposed in full detail.

I can see the exact error type and stack trace in browser console.

No unrelated code or logic was altered.

No database writes, no API calls — purely logging.

⚡ Important Reminder:
This is not a fix, only a forensic exposure step. The purpose is to unmask the exact exception that has been silently killing attribution. After this, we will analyze the surfaced error before planning any surgical fix.