We have a critical UI bug in the ZIP code selector. Customers are entering valid ZIP codes, but the ZIP does NOT visually appear in the dropdown, even though it does exist in the ZIP dataset and appears when checked manually moments later. This is NOT a data issue. This is NOT user error. This is a frontend rendering failure.

You must audit every layer of code that influences:

ZIP dataset loading

ZIP filtering

ZIP rendering

React state updates

UI re-renders

debouncing / throttling

conditional rendering

memoization

asynchronous data access

The failure is:
Valid ZIP codes sometimes fail to visually render in the lookup list, even though they exist in the source data.

Audit for the following issues:

1. Asynchronous rendering race condition

ZIP list may be loading async. If filtering runs BEFORE the data loads, React will render an empty list and never update it. Audit:

useEffect order

dependency arrays

initial load state

race conditions between data load and filter trigger

2. Over-aggressive filtering

Ensure filtering is not too strict or relying on an exact match. Check for:

trailing space

uppercase/lowercase mismatch

partial match logic missing

hidden unicode characters

trimming/sanitization missing

3. Premature early-return in render()

A common bug is something like:

if (!zipList.length) return null;


This causes the component to “give up” before the ZIPs finish loading.

4. Memoization bugs (useMemo / React.memo)

If the ZIP list is memoized with incorrect dependency arrays, React might reuse stale data even when a valid ZIP exists. Audit:

all useMemo

all React.memo components

dependency arrays

5. Stale state in filtering function

If the dropdown filter runs on a state value that hasn’t updated yet, the display will be empty. Audit:

debouncing

throttling

state batching

asynchronous setState issues

6. Hidden UI blockers (CSS / layout issues)

If the ZIP result is rendered but hidden, inspect:

z-index

overflow: hidden

height/visibility conditions

conditional “no results” overlays

7. Incorrect conditional rendering logic

Look for code like:

if (!query) return [];


or

if (query.length < 3) return [];


customers often type 5 digits, but the first digits must still show partial results.

8. Event suppression

Check whether input events are being blocked or not firing:

onChange not updating

onInput blocked

autocomplete disabling state updates

9. Two parallel ZIP datasets

Ensure there aren’t two lists:

one customer sees

one admin sees

one updated on load, one stale

10. Re-render blocking due to React error boundary

If an error fires inside the zip list component, React may suppress updates silently.

✔️ Deliverables Required

Produce the following:

Full root-cause analysis

Identify EXACT lines of code causing the failure

Rewrite corrected code

Show where to insert the fixes

Provide a reproducible test plan

Validate the fix across mobile Safari, Chrome, iOS, Android, and desktop

No assumptions.
No shortcuts.
Audit every zip-related component, hook, context provider, and filtering function.

This is a production-blocking bug and must be fixed comprehensively and safely.